These are modules for Wowza 4.5.0 used at the State and University Library, Denmark.

It consists of 8 modules and three example VHosts

= The modules =
wowza-content-resolver-module
  Given configuration, lookup streams in diferent directory structure

wowza-ticket-checker-module
  Read a ticket ID from query param, and check that it is a ticket issued for the given stream and ip of client

wowza-statistics-module
  Log events from wowza to a simple text file. Also logs information from ticket.

wowza-mcm-authorization-module
  Given a query parameter, check that it as a valid MCM session. This module is deprecated. Use MCM3 module instead.
  Some classes are used by wowza-mcm3-authorization-module

wowza-mcm3-authorization-module
  Given a query parameter, check that it as a valid MCM3 session

wowza-chaosv6-authorization-module
  Given a query parameter, check that it as a valid chaosv6 session

wowza-mcm-statistics-module
  Log events from wowza to MCM. This module is deprecated, statistics logging is not supported in MCM3. Some classes
  are used by wowza-db-statistics-module.

wowza-db-statistics-module
  Log events from wowza to a database, including MCM session information.


= The VHosts =
wowza-mediestream-vhost

A complete VHost that contains configuration and the modules
 * wowza-content-resolver-module
 * wowza-ticket-checker-module
 * wowza-statistics-module
Example configuration can be found in conf/mediestream/wowza-modules.properties
The streamingContent directory in the VHost should point to the content to be served.
conf/Vhost.xml should probably be updated with correct port numbers

wowza-chaos-vhost

Six complete VHosts that contain configuration and the modules
 * wowza-content-resolver-module (only in three VHost)
 * wowza-mcm3-authorization-module (only in two VHosts)
 * wowza-chaosv6-authorization-module (in the remaining four VHosts)
 * wowza-db-statistics-module
Example configuration can be found in conf/chaos/wowza-modules.properties
The streamingContent directory in the VHost should point to the content to be served.
conf/Vhost.xml should probably be updated with correct port numbers

wowza-cosound-vhost

A variant of the wowza-chaos-vhost used for the CoSound project
